For our amusement park, we decided to have six different tables. The first is Ticket Sale table. The primary key is the Ticket ID which allows us to track the tickets and it has three different attributes, the WorkerID, Price, and Tickets Sold. The ticket sale table is there to help us track how many tickets were sold, how much they were sold for, and which worker sold the ticket. The Worker table’s primary key is the Worker ID which is connected to the Ticket Sale table. The worker table’s three attributes are the hours worked, name and wage. The hours worked allows the park to know how many hours the employee has worked so they could pay them the right amount. The next table we have is the Rollercoaster table. The primary key for this table is the name of the Coaster and the fixed keys are the Worker ID and the Ticket ID which were previously explained. The other two attributes are the length of the line and the inspection date. The length of the line helps customers know how long the wait time is and the inspection date allows the park to make sure that the ride is safe and good for customers to ride safely. Our Water Park table has five attributes in which the Worker ID and the Ticket ID are the fixed keys. Then, we have lockers used, line length, and water used. The lockers used attribute is needed because customers need a place to keep their belongings so it doesn’t get wet. The line length allows us to know how long the wait time is for the customers and the water used allows us to know how much water we need to conserve or use to keep the rides going. Then, we have our Food Concessions whose primary key is the table number which allows the park to track which stand is where. The attributes are the Worker ID, Profit, Inventory and the Quantity Sold. The last table is the Children’s Area whose attributes are Number of People, Sanitation Date. These two allow us to know how many kids are in the area and the sanitation allows the place to maintain a safe and clean place for kids. Worker ID, and the Ticket ID are the fixed keys which are represented throughout the diagram. 
